Update deletion-requests.md (#5267)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/manage/deletion-requests.md

- Each deletion request can include up to 1 petabyte (PB) of scanned data.   
- You can delete up to 100,000 messages per request.   
- The maximum time range for each deletion request is one year.   
- Your system can support up to 10 active concurrent deletion tasks across different customers.

> - Ensure that the requests initiated are not prior to the startTime `1st February 2024`. Any request before this timestamp will fail in creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure that the requests initiated are not deleting data prior to `1st February 2024`. Any request before this timestamp will fail in creation.
```

Maybe we can use something else instead of `startTime` ? I left a suggestion if it seems better

> - Ensure that the requests initiated are not deleting data prior to `1st February 2024`. Any request before this timestamp will fail in creation.

Author: ```suggestion
- Ensure that the requests initiated are not deleting the data prior to `1st February 2024`. Any request before this timestamp will fail in creation.
```
